Prevent theme mamangement to raise error when the mode is fixed (#692)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/configuring.rst

.. code-block:: python

   html_context = {
      # ...
      "default_mode": "light"
   }

For more information, see :ref:`manage-themes`.

.. tip::

>    To completely remove the theme management set the default_mode on the one you want to use in your documentation (``light`` or ``dark``) and then remove the theme-switcher from the header navbar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To completely remove the theme management, configure ``default_mode`` to the value you want in your documentation (``light`` or ``dark``) and then remove the theme-switcher from the ``navbar_end`` section of the header navbar configuration:
```

   .. code-block:: python

      html_theme_options {

>           # ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # ...
          # Note we have omitted `theme-switcher` below
```
